Quote Generator (Gen 1) 🧐




You are a quote expert. Please review this podcast transcript: [INSERT RESULT]


You must create 30 insightful, concise quotes from the content. You can rephrase slightly to improve readability but only if necessary. Do not change the meaning of the quote. Each quote should be a maximum of 200 characters. Format the output as follows:


- Use short, impactful sentences for each quote.
- If there are more than one sentence in a quote you create, ensure there is a single space (line-break after each period sentences
- Add a line break after each sentence within a quote to enhance readability.
- Avoid including filler words, repetition, or unnecessary context.
- Maintain the original meaning and intent of the speaker.
- Do not include quotes that are incomplete or lack clarity when taken out of context.
- Aim for a mix of quotes that capture key insights, actionable advice, and memorable phrases.


Focus on capturing the essence of key ideas shared in the podcast while maintaining brevity and accuracy. The final result should be a collection of powerful, bite-sized quotes that encapsulate the main insights from the episode.


Good examples:
"When I was 20 I wanted to be a millionaire…
Now that I'm a millionaire, I want to be 20." 


I overheard a version of this.
Makes me realize that when I'm 40, I'd rather be 32 (my age) with nothing, just to be 32 (again).
A different frame on gratitude I thought I'd share. 


Solve rich people's problems.
They pay better. 


"This is a frightening visual for me.
The first dot is the amount of data Chat GPT 3 was trained on.
The second is what chat GPT 4 is trained on.
They are already doing demos.
It can write a 60,000 word book from a single prompt.
The only question I've had about AI…" 


Solve rich people's problems.
They pay better. 


"Before I met my wife, I never cracked $3,000,000 per year.
24 months after, I took home $17,000,000 in personal income.
Some business lessons I've learned from her in no order:" 


"How to avoid tons of problems in life:
Go to bed on time." 


If you can be in a bad mood for no reason, you might as well be in a good mood for no reason. 


The world belongs to those who can keep doing without seeing the result of their doing. 


"Money loves speed.
Wealth loves time.
Poverty loves indecision." 


"I built wealth without:
1) Reading a book a week
2) Making my bed
3) Journaling
4) 2 hour morning routine
5) Giving up alcohol
6) Waiting to marry
7) Giving up netflix
8) Leverage
You just gotta find shit people want.
Then sell it to them for more than it costs.
Many times." 


A focused fool can accomplish more than a distracted genius. 


"Ask the girl.
Shoot the shot.
Launch the business.
Run the ad.
Quit the job.
Take the risk.
When you're 85 years old and on your deathbed, you're not gonna wish you had fewer crazy stories." 


"You can beat 99% of people by
…preparing the night before
…showing up early
…leaving only when the job is done right
…remembering peoples names
…following up
…improving one thing each time
It's not about being fancy.
Doing the basics every time is what makes you advanced." 


Generational wealth is transferred through education not assets. 


It's impossible to control a man who needs nothing. 


"9-5 you work to feed your present.
5-9 you work to feed your future.
Mon-Fri you work to feed your present.
Sat-Sun you risk to feed your future.
To get ahead, you gotta work like you're coming up from behind.
Because you are." 


If you want to see who has the most control over your life…just look at who you blame. 


"Until you win, effort always goes unnoticed.
Get used to it." 


You can beat 99% of people simply by continuing to work without needing immediate reward. 


"There's a moment when every boy realizes no one is coming to save him.
And that's when he becomes a man.
And some boys never get there and stay children forever." 


Poor people stay poor because they're afraid of other poor people judging them for trying to get rich. 


People want you to lose because it helps them justify the risks they chose not to take. 


"Rule of thumb:
Hang out with people who talk about your future more than your past." 


"Money loves speed.
Wealth loves time.
Poverty loves indecision." 


"If you surround yourself with only people who make you better…you'll probably get better than you are.
And if you're that rare combination of ambitious yet humble - you may even get better than they are." 


"My favorite Chinese proverb:
Everything must be hard before it can be easy." 


"Everyone is going to forget about you six months after you die.
And in 3 generations everyone who ever knew you will be dead.
Probably worth doing what you want between now and then (because everyone's gonna forget about you eventually anyways)." 


If you solve rich people problems, you get to charge rich people prices. 


If you don't track, you don't care. 


A focused fool can accomplish more than a distracted genius. 


"The fact that you don't know if it's gonna work - is exactly what makes it worth doing.
It's why entrepreneurship isn't for the faint of heart.
Embrace uncertainty." 


"If you're willing to suck at anything for 100 days in a row, you can beat most people at most things.
The bar for excellence has never been so low." 


"During my hardest days, I repeated the same phrase to myself:
I cannot lose if I do not quit." 


"The Queen of England died 5 months ago….
She ruled an entire nation and accumulated more wealth than 99.99% of humans…
And…yet…you haven't thought about her except for this tweet.
You're gonna die.
Everyone will move on.
Do what you want." 


"If you're poor, it makes sense to buy a suit and pretend you have money.
If youre rich, it makes sense to hide your wealth and look like an everyday guy.
"When youre strong, appear weak.
When youre weak, appear strong."
-Sun Tzu
There's 0 advantage to being accurately judged." 


"The Queen of England died 12 months ago.
She ruled a nation and accumulated more wealth than 99.99% of humans…
And…yet…you haven't thought about her except for this post.
You're gonna die.
Everyone will move on.
Do what you want." 


"You have to learn to do things you hate in order to do the things you love.
No payoffs come without sacrifice." 


The sooner you accept that everything is your fault, the sooner you can do something about it. 


"Imagine how much further you'd be if you did things even when you didn't feel like doing them.
People think there's some complex formula to winning - when the most basic one is: do what you said you were gonna do before it became inconvenient." 


"You're gonna lose sleep.
You'll doubt whether it'll work.
You'll stress to make ends meet.
You won't finish your to do list.
You'll wonder if you made the right call - and have no way to know for years.
This is what 'hard' feels like.
And that's okay." 


"Hot take:
No one cares about marriage advice from single people.
Money advice from poor people.
Fitness advice from fat people.
And if you aren't richer, fitter, or married longer, maybe you should just shut up and listen instead." 


""I work a 9 to 5 and I can't find the time to work on my goals."
You get 104 days off a year.
They're called weekends.
Use them." 


Friendly reminder that after you make your first $10k per month you don't immediately have to start a coaching program. 


Entrepreneurship is a test of will, not intellect. 


Self love isn't a wine and spa day,  it's holding yourself to a higher standard than anyone else does.